Correct serverless benchmarking data (#12486)
cockroachdb/docs: cockroachcloud/serverless-benchmarking.md

<img src="{{ 'images/cockroachcloud/serverless-performance.png' | relative_url }}" alt="Serverless performance" style="max-width:100%" />

This chart shows the linear consumption of RUs by a CockroachDB Serverless cluster under a constant [KV 95](#what-is-kv-95) workload. The total number of RUs consumed over 20 minutes is 119,536. The cluster is performing about 21 operations per second, and each operation (a point read or write) is consuming 4.86 RUs. We can also calculate that 119,536 RUs used over 1200 seconds gives us the guaranteed baseline performance of 100 RU/s. These results have been adjusted for a constant overhead of 5 RU/s that is unrelated to the workload.

## Burst performance

> When not throttled to100 RU/s, the same cluster we benchmarked above used 86,984,376 RUs over 10 minutes, performing 54,460 operations per second and using an average of 2.66 RUs per operation. This gives us a burst performance rate of 144,974 RU/s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the previously benchmarked cluster was not throttled to 100 RU/s, it used 86,984,376 RUs over 10 minutes, performing 54,460 operations per second and using an average of 2.66 RUs per operation. This results in a burst performance rate of 144,974 RU/s.
```

Author: Done
